Update information-for-dns-records.md (#496)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro: Office365-Admin/get-help-with-domains/information-for-dns-records.md

5. Go to [Create DNS records at any DNS hosting provider](create-dns-records-at-any-dns-hosting-provider.md), and select your DNS host from the list of registrars to see the step-by-step instructions.
    
6. Follow the steps for creating the TXT record (or MX record) at your DNS host, then verify the domain back in Office 365.

> 7. The TXT record (or MX record) can be removed from your DNS host once the domain is verified in Office365.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. The TXT record (or MX record) can be removed from your DNS host once the domain is verified in Office 365.
```
